docs: add prominent ATTENTION and deprecation note to README (#120)
exasol/exasol-python-test-framework: README.md

## About

---

## ⚠️ ATTENTION

> > **This project is used only by the SLC tests and must NOT be used or depended on outside of that context.**

Author: ```suggestion
> **This project is used only by the Script Languages Container tests and must NOT be used or depended on outside of that context.**
```

>

> > **Deprecation notice:** This repository is deprecated for general use and may be removed or changed without notice. Do not rely on it for new projects; contact the SLC team for alternatives.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Deprecation notice:** This repository is deprecated for general use and may be removed or changed without notice. Do not rely on it for new projects. Use instead the [exasol-pytest-backend](https://github.com/exasol/pytest-backend/), [exasol-pytest-extension](https://github.com/exasol/pytest-extension/) or [exasol-pytest-slc](https://github.com/exasol/pytest-slc/)
```
